Here’s the handover summary for the next chat.
Project Location
Work should now happen in:
C:\Sticks Tuition Dev
This replaced the old OneDrive working folder because OneDrive was causing permission/file-lock weirdness. The local preview server was started from this folder on:
http://localhost:8087
Last known server process ID was 34000, though a new chat may need to restart it.
Overall Goal
We are rebuilding the Sticks Tuition website into a much more polished, dark, premium-feeling version. The original Wix site was used only as a content/page base. The user wants it to feel much better visually, especially the Maths Games section.
Core Site Files
Current static site files include:
index.html
our-lessons.html
pricing-and-packages.html
login.html
maths-games.html
horse-race.html
arithmatrick.html
fraction-forge.html
algebra-lockpick.html
graph-glider.html
angle-architect.html
data-detective.html
styles.css
site.js
There is also:
gamesimages\
with these image assets:
Arithmatrick.png
Fraction Forge.png
The Chance Cup.png
Theme / Brand Direction
The site uses a dark premium theme. The user specifically asked to keep:
the dark overall theme
the mint CTA button style, e.g. “Start Today” / “Choose a game”
the iridescent rainbow “Maths Games” nav button
The rest of the accent system was changed to the brand colours:
#C6001C red
#4B4875 purple
#F2F2F2 off-white
#121524 navy
The old teal/coral/gold accents were largely removed. A scan showed only the rainbow Maths Games pill still contains the old bright rainbow colours, intentionally.
Navigation
All main pages have the top nav:
Home
Our Lessons
Maths Games
Pricing
Login
The Maths Games nav item is intentionally styled as a standout rainbow/liquid-glass button.
Footer
The footer was redesigned because it looked too spread out. It now has:
brand/socials on the left
contact form in the middle
footer nav on the right
dark navy/purple/red background glow
better spacing and mobile stacking
mobile nav links left-aligned rather than floating awkwardly right
This was visually checked on desktop and mobile.
Maths Games Page
maths-games.html is now a gallery/arcade landing page, not an embedded-games page.
Hero copy:
“Flash-style games. Serious maths.”
Supporting copy:
“Pick a topic, launch a full game page, and play a classroom-ready first version.”
The gallery currently has seven game cards:
Horse Race
Arithmatrick
Fraction Forge
Algebra Lockpick
Graph Glider
Angle Architect
Data Detective
Each game card links to its own dedicated page.
The first three game previews now use images from gamesimages:
Horse Race uses gamesimages/The%20Chance%20Cup.png
Arithmatrick uses gamesimages/Arithmatrick.png
Fraction Forge uses gamesimages/Fraction%20Forge.png
The preview boxes remain the same rounded card shape. The images use object-fit: contain so the full artwork is visible rather than cropped.
The remaining games still use generated/styled CSS preview art until matching image files are added.
Game Descriptions
Current game descriptions/copy established:
Horse Race
Roll two dice and send the matching numbered horse down the track. A live probability game where students quickly see why some totals appear more often than others.
Arithmatrick
Use six number cards and the four operations to hit a target number. Great for arithmetic fluency, mental maths, brackets, and flexible number thinking.
Fraction Forge
Match equivalent fractions to complete the forge. Students practise simplifying, comparing, and recognising fraction families under light game pressure.
Algebra Lockpick
Solve linear equations to open a vault, one lock at a time. Each correct value of x cracks another tumbler.
Graph Glider
Adjust gradient and intercept controls to guide a line through a target coordinate. A visual game for straight-line graphs and coordinate reasoning.
Angle Architect
Find missing angles to stabilise geometric structures. Students use angle facts, reasoning, and quick calculation to keep the build standing.
Data Detective
Inspect datasets and solve cases using mean, median, mode, and range. A statistics game built around evidence, patterns, and calculation.
Foopy
User said Foopy is a sports-themed maths game where players solve equations using AFL players’ jumper numbers. Each player represents the number on their guernsey, so students answer maths problems by combining arithmetic with AFL knowledge.
Short Foopy card copy suggested:
“Solve maths puzzles using AFL player jumper numbers. A football-flavoured arithmetic game for students who know their players as well as their times tables.”
Foopy is not yet embedded/added to the gallery in code, but it should be added later.
Game Pages
Each game has its own page:
horse-race.html
arithmatrick.html
fraction-forge.html
algebra-lockpick.html
graph-glider.html
angle-architect.html
data-detective.html
All pages share the site header and link back to maths-games.html via “All games”.
Game Implementations in site.js
site.js contains playable first versions:
Horse Race:
two dice
sums advance horses
first to finish wins
horses are now CSS horse sprites, not dots
horse 1 is noted as impossible because two dice cannot sum to 1
Arithmatrick:
inspired by Maths Starters / Numbers Game
choose large/small number cards
target generated
expression input supports +, -, x, /, brackets
validates that cards are only used as allowed
checks exact/difference from target
Fraction Forge:
match equivalent fraction pairs
score updates
wrong matches give feedback
Algebra Lockpick:
generates linear equations
user enters value of x
correct answers advance lock/tumbler progress
Graph Glider:
sliders for gradient m and intercept b
SVG graph
target coordinate
feedback based on whether the line hits the target
Angle Architect:
missing-angle style prompts
answer in degrees
SVG board
Data Detective:
dataset shown as evidence
asks for mean/median/mode/range
user solves statistic
Visual Verification Already Done
Multiple screenshots were rendered using headless Edge. Temporary screenshot/profile files were cleaned up after each pass.
Checks run at different points:
node --check site.js
The main pages and game image paths returned 200 from the local server.
Known verified routes:
maths-games.html
index.html
our-lessons.html
pricing-and-packages.html
login.html
gamesimages/The%20Chance%20Cup.png
gamesimages/Arithmatrick.png
gamesimages/Fraction%20Forge.png
Important Design Fixes Already Made
Footer desktop layout tightened.
Footer mobile stacking fixed.
Games gallery mobile clipping fixed.
Game card image previews constrained on mobile.
Brand palette switched.
Image previews added for first three games.
Arithmatrick image initially cropped; changed to object-fit: contain.
Mobile card widths constrained to avoid right-edge overflow.
Potential Next Steps
Likely next work:
Add Foopy to maths-games.html.
Decide whether Foopy gets its own card, embed iframe, or opens external/internal page.
Add more gamesimages artwork for:Algebra Lockpick
Graph Glider
Angle Architect
Data Detective

Deepen the gameplay on all game pages.
Possibly rename Horse Race to “The Chance Cup” if that matches the image/branding.
Add footer to individual game pages if desired, since some game pages currently only have header/main/script.
Restart preview server in the new chat if needed from C:\Sticks Tuition Dev.
Suggested server command:
py -3 -m http.server 8087
from:
C:\Sticks Tuition Dev